Today's episode is sponsored by
Datadog a modern full stack
monitoring platform for cloud infrastructure,
applications, and logs metrics, all
in one place from their
recent report on serverless, adoption
and trends. Datadog found half
their customer base using
have now adopted AWS Lambda.
They've examined real world serverless
usage by thousands of companies
running on millions of distinct
serverless functions. And they found
that half of the Lambda
invocations run for less than
800 milliseconds, you can easily
monitor all your serverless functions
in one place and generate
serverless metrics straight from Datadog.
Check it out yourself by
signing up for a free
14 day trial and get
a free t-shirt visit datadog.com/hanselman
it's show to get started.
That's datadog.com/hansel minutes show to
get started. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman, this Hansel minutes
today. I'm here with Chris
Conner coming up with season
two of altered carbon. How
are you, sir? And yourself?
I am living the dream
right now and I'm very,
very happy to be chatting
with you. My, my wife
and I, you know how,
when you love a show
so much that it's like,
do I binge it? And
then I've done this to
myself, then the show, isn't
the thing you've absorbed. It's
a thing you've done to
yourself. And you're like, Oh,
what have I done to
myself? But you love it
so much. You also want
to watch other people watch
the show. So I want
to put an ad on
Craigslist or something, right. Come
and watch this show so
I can watch you watch
the show. There's nothing creepy
about no it's because I
want them to go. Oh,
and then turn. And I'll
be like, yeah. Yeah. It's
interesting that we haven't come
up with like Skype parties
for watching shows yet. Why
can't I just call someone
say, let's push them one,
two, three, hit the clapper
and we synchronize our show
so we can have reactions
to each other about why
the show is so great.
That's a great idea. I'm
just saying we could go
and patent that right now.
Okay. So a ultra carbon,
I read the books. I've
watched the show and you
play. And for the context
for the folks that are
listening, who may not have
watched the show, I would
encourage you to pause right
now and run off and
see that I can't guarantee
there won't be any spoilers,
but they'll certainly be thematic
spoilers. But if I may
and you can correct me
if I'm wrong, the general
structure of this is that
in the future, there are
these things called stacks, which
are effectively USB keys for
people that hold DHF, digital
human freight and digital human
freight is you in a
thing that goes into the
back of the neck. And
it allows us to do
things like what's called narrow
cast needle cast, needle cast.
You can go and basically
beam yourself to another planet
because it's too tedious to
get on a ship and
fly there. We'll just upload
you to the other planet.
Of course, you'd have to
yourself on ice so that
your sleeve, your body is
not double sleeve. You don't
want to have Chris in
two planets at once. And
then it will certainly, if
you apply capitalism that then
really rich people will have
the very best backups. Yep.
Everyone's in the cloud and
then you'll never die. Exactly.
So then people, people who
don't ever die are called
myths, which is like Methuselah
and the Bible. Exactly. Okay.
But you don't play any
of those people? No, no.
I'm an artificial intelligent life
form that has taken the
existence form of Edgar. Allen
Poe Is the identity of
the artificial intelligence that you
play intrinsically attached to ed
ground pole. Did he exist
in a void and then
decided this? Did he pick
his sleeve? Yes. In for
all intents and purposes, the
artificial intelligent life form, I
play has gone through many
different versions. When people watch
the show, they'll see the
floor of the hotel, Raven,
which I am the hotel.
The hotel is me in
artificial intelligent life form that
is serving humans as a
hotel. That floor looks like
an MC Escher piece of
art. At some point, my
artificial intelligent life form toyed
with being Essure in the
books. Richard Morgan wrote the hotel
as the Hendrix based on
Jimmy Hendrix. Fortunately for me,
they couldn't get the rights
from the Hendrix estate. So
they ended up settling on
PO for the television show.
And, and it's been a
joy to be able to
play someone with such depth
and romanticism and darkness. And
the fact that there is
that backstory, I think actually
expands. It makes it even
more interesting because Hendrix was
certainly complicated, but PO is
well of background information. Yeah.
Yeah. You know, when we
started it, it all the
process was very quick. When
we began, I got cast
and I was pretty much
shipped off to Canada. We
shot in Vancouver, BC, and
immediately diving into all of
post-work. I knew quite a
bit from college and growing
up reading a little bit
of Pope, but to actually
delve into his letters, his
life, it really started to
flesh out the idea of
what the character and the
true wants of this character
are in our world. As
far as the television show
goes, Poe in his life
was a profoundly prolific, but
also an incredibly sad individual.
Like he couldn't catch a
break, utter object failure. He
distanced himself from most members
of the artistic community by
being a bit of an
ass and had many enemies
and almost every in his
life tragically died. And then
of course he tragically died
and we're still not sure
how the circumstances of his
death, but he was beaten
to death and found in
another man's clothes on the
streets in Baltimore, incredibly drunk
on laudanum. So it's a
tragic end. He, you mentioned
that he had issues with
the women in his life.
His mom, he is, is
his wife in any relationship
with his women was bad
or they died? His mom
died right at the very
beginning of his life. She
was an actress. Ironically. Then
he was adopted that woman
who adopted him, who for
all intensive purposes was probably
the most stable woman in
his life. She died. He
ends up marrying his cousin
who happens to be 14
at the time, years later,
she does. You could say
the guy just couldn't catch
a break, but he didn't
necessarily put himself in the
best position because he was
a heavy substance abuser. Yeah.
Yeah. He did not make
good decisions. There's a depth
to the AI of PO
in the, in the show,
but you didn't bring, I
felt the, the pain, I
didn't feel like there was
a pain in the AI
APOE. There was a longing,
well, I think that's, if
you go back and read
all of PO's work, that
was the thing that I,
I gleaned specifically, was this
longing, this romanticism, even in
the mask of red death,
which is such a beautiful
story at the very end
it's, it's this almost tranquil
calming, I guess that's not
necessarily a good reference in
these times of calm. Yeah.
But you really see this,
this there's a, there's almost
a sweetness to it. And
I think he, he distills
that in his poetry, probably
better than any American Reiner.
I, I liked that. You
said that there's almost a
sweetness to it because there's
a lot of relationships that
poll the AI in altered
carbon has primarily with women
that are incredibly sweet. And
I kept waiting because I
guess I watched too much
TV and I'm just assuming
something bad is gonna happen
for some lurid, some gays,
something literate or in an
uncomfortable, and it never came.
Yeah. Which made me feel
that pose as an AI
was relationships with other AIS
and with people was chased
and kind, but there's still
a longing, but he doesn't
know what he longs for.
Yeah. The, the, the searching
for what the human existence
is, is probably the biggest
quest for Poe's life and
the television show. And within
that, he ends up having
a young ward that he
needs to rehabilitate named Lizzie.
And when we started to
play with that character in
the first season, it was
my job not to make
it lurid. And you want
to be able to root
for this character. And as
soon as something as disgusting
is that comes through like
this male gaze, that's not,
that's utterly horrifying towards a
young woman. You want to
try to push against that
and make sure it's really
almost a father daughter relationship.
Yeah. And I cheat to
your credit. And I really
appreciate how kind and nurturing
father like uncle, like, but,
but there was also a,
there's a peer relationship there
because it isn't, it's simply,
I am a, a parental
figure in your life because
there's a time where that
switches and miss Elizabeth is
really leading you Poe through
an adventure. Yeah, exactly. I
mean, it's almost more sophisticated,
more emotionally, whole than, you
know, in her journey. Totally,
totally. When she flees at
the end of season one,
spoiler, when I cast her
upon the array, it is
a huge jump for her.
It's that it's the big
life decision that, that then
propels the rest of the
story and the ending of
season one. Yeah. It's, it's
a beautiful little storyline between
two characters that could get
very complex. But I think
at the end of the
day is as a story
about love. And she is
a person who is uploaded
into, into the machine and
she has for awhile, no
physical body. And then she
eventually can move around into
synthetic sleeves. We have since
two, which is a whole
other different part of altered
carbon, which is really exciting.
And if we do get
a season three, that would
be really fun to play
with. Yeah. It would be
interesting to understand now your
character is an AI, but
you're not that kind of
typical AI, that's like a
red dot on the, on
the, you know, it's like,
you're not letting disembodied AI
like travelers or something. Yeah.
You're not how you have
a body, but it's a
nano swarm of stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. We played with the
idea of in season two,
we definitely play with the
idea of a hologram form
and then actual nano swarm
form. So a tangible things
like my shotgun are achievable
in the nano swarm forum.
And then in holographic form,
we can play with the
idea of being present intellectually,
but not being there physically.
Which what does that do
to our main character Takeshi
COVID shoe I'm in service,
right? And then COVID eventually
starts carrying you around or
a projector that enables him
to quote unquote, carry around.
So then those times you
are a projection. Yeah. But
when you are the hotel,
the hotel is you, you
can be in an analyst
warm, you can physically pick
things up and hand it
to people. Yes. And, and
that, that changes throughout the
season, which is really fascinating.
And to see what we
could do with that technology
in the third season would
be really fun. The idea
that you're playing in AI
though, but there's, there's 30,
40 years of AIS in
film. How do you make
sure that you don't fall
into a trope, an AI
trope and obvious easy trope?
That's such a good question.
I was such a huge
fan of so many of
those people who played AIS,
Bret Spiner, who played data.
I think hung with me
when I was a child.
And I loved the next
generation as when I was
young, watching him play a
character that was never going
to be a human. And
this idea, this trope, I
mean, dates back to Pinocchio,
really where we're talking about
something that is longing to
join a world, that it
can only exist in with
rules that were set by
the people who get to
live in that world. And
how we push against that
is having an artificial intelligent
life form that at times
seems more human than the
people living in this dystopian
society that have been so
cut off from themselves by
technology. That is the trope
that I think we do
appreciate though, the idea that
the AI is the most
human of us. All right,
right. But the other thing
though, is that in the
example of data and other
AI's, they're always struggling to
become human, but they didn't
fall into the easy trap
of trying to give PO
a body and let him
long to be human. He
just longed for connection and
in the connection would find
humanity. Yeah, exactly. I am.
It's really a relationship based
story. It's about intimacy at
the end of the day.
There's a great quote. I
think it's Juno Diaz, the
author who says real love
or intimacy and paraphrasing intimacy
is letting someone else find
out who you really are.
And there's, that's an idea
that we played with a
lot at the beginning of
season one. And for me,
it related directly to Falstaff's
relationship with Henry or how,
and Henry parts, one Henry Ford
parts one and two, and
in Henry five, that Falstaff
is, I'm a failure as
a human, but how loves
him anyway? Because he sees
all of his failures is
really what drives him to
be the individual that he
is PO in the, in
the, in the, in the
show feels like he is
introspective. He is thinking about
himself. He's, he's keeping a
stock of where he is
in his, how he feels
and how he, you know,
how he is, his journey
goes. Yeah. But to Kashi
his, his, you know, the
Ronin that he follows is
utterly unapologetic, almost has doesn't
care about anything and tolerate
PO yeah. There's kind of
a laptop thing there, but
I'm not comfortable with the
dog or the pet metaphor.
Right. Right. Squire is a
bit of a square. There's
a bit of a Batman
and Robin thing. I think
in the, in the minds
of some of the audience
members I've been told that,
or the one that's been
circulating since season two dropped
was, I'm a bit of
the Tardis and, and to
Kashi is the doctor who,
but I think at the
end of the day, it's,
it goes back to intimacy
between these two characters in
the same way that Poe
is trying to find himself
through, whether it be Lizzie,
his ward at one point,
or whether it be dig
through a one who shows
up in a season to
another AI, into Kashi, he,
he sees a, a friend
and, and to Kashi at
some point, realizes that they
have an intimate connection. It's
season two feels a little
bit like a marriage that's
been around for a long
time. You know, it's 30
years after season one. And
these two entities have been
traveling the galaxy, looking for
something and not finding it.
And it's a bit like
a husband or wife, you
know, stuck at Disneyland. But
at the same time, there
are things happening. The relationship
with miss Elizabeth, their relationship,
like you just said with
dig three Oh one paid
by Tina show hobby, a
very excellently, everyone pole gets
to interact with people with,
with entities across the spectrum
of what is available in
this universe. He gets to
interact with humans. He gets
to interact with synth people
in synthetics leaves, and he
has to have his own
entire emotional relationship with another
AI, with no humans around
what does dig three Oh
one, one, does this show
us that all the AI's
want human interaction in the
season in season one, we
definitely saw that a lot
of the AIS are, have
no use for humans anymore.
They're quite disaffected and, and
malicious. There's a reason why
those sex clubs or some
of the houses of ill
repute are run specifically by
AIS. They are, it requires
an emotional detachment and are
tools of maths who are,
you know, keeping the 99%
down dig three Oh one
was looking for a purpose.
And it's exactly what she
says, a dig without a
dig, because she's actually an
excavator and a anthropologist as
an artificial intelligent life form.
And she uses looking for
something to, to research or
fix, or, and she finds
that, wow, exactly. She, she
finds it as a plot
device in like the plot
and the things that everyone
else is trying to excavate,
but it is in fact
Poe and his pain that
she's trying to go and
excavate and dig into. Yeah.
Yeah. It's very specific to,
that's a Testament to good
writing considering that we've, we
jumped so far away from
the source material, which I
think you have to do
for a television or film.
It's, it's a lovely thing
to see and to get
to act such good storytelling.
And we were lucky to
have Alison chapter as our
showrunner this year, helping us
along the journey. When you
need to focus on building,
do you want to get
bogged down by your database?
Mongo DB is an intuitive,
flexible document database that lets
you get to building Mongo.
DBS document model is a
natural way to represent data
so you can focus on
what matters. Mongo DB Atlas
is the best way to
use Mongo DB. It's a
global cloud database service that
gives you all of the
developer productivity of Mongo DB.
Plus the added simplicity of
a fully managed database service.
You can get started free
with DB atlas@mongodb.com slash mm.
So speaking about the acting
aspect of it specifically, how
do you know when you're
doing this? That it works?
I mean, I'm sure that
there's table reads, but how
did you know it would
work? Yeah, I don't, I,
I never know. I'm terrified.
And I would come home
to my wife every night
and say, this is I'm
going to get laughed at,
this is the worst acting
I've ever done in my
life. It's a leap of
faith, a lot of ways.
I'm a theater actor. So
the suspending disbelief is pretty
easy for me or at
least that's the thing I
have the most joy in
doing. So I have a
good time with it. And
it's a Shakespearian story. It's
larger than life. Hopefully that
we don't turn into such
a dystopian society such as
this. And you, you step
out on the stage or
in this case, in front
of a camera and hope
that someone understands your struggle
and your wants as a
character when they watch the
show. And you hope that
you get to tell a
story like we did in
season two of a character,
struggling with mental instability. Now
you are a guest teaching
artists and you've taught Shakespeare.
You've said you're a stage
actor. What is the difference
between presenting and projecting out
to a room of a,
of a hundred or 300
where you've got about 50
feet of emotional radius? Yeah.
Well art over carbon, tens
of millions of people that
are watching it right now.
Are you acting for those
tens of millions of people?
Are you acting for the
people on set is the
set of stage. Yeah. Sometimes
I, I, we had such
a great crew and they
respond so well as audience
members that it really does
help you as an actor.
I Canadian crews in general,
in Vancouver, British Columbia have
been stellar. And not just
because they laugh at your
jokes, but they are responsive
and, and are nurturing and
helping you as a, as
a performer. I think the
difference between being on a,
a stage that is in
front of 1400 live people,
and the difference between being
in front of a camera,
it's just that it's a
camera is basically an intimate
one person. It doesn't mean
that the size of the
performance changes sometimes because if
you watch some of my
favorite actors, Phillip Seymour Hoffman
comes to mind right away.
Joaquin comes to mind. All
of these guys sometimes are
enormous with their performance, but
because they're so grounded in
front of the camera, it
reads and comes across as
being captivating and really propelling.
As far as telling the
story goes, there were moments,
there are appropriate pauses. There
are seconds that, that extend.
They feel like a second
is a minute. There are
moments where you're using your
face. You're twitching, you're moving
in some way. How do
you know that the show
runner, the director, the editor
is going to give you
that space to emote. They
seem to give you of
space. And that's why I
think people are connecting with
Poe. Yeah. The gift of
having bosses and collaborators that
have faith in you as
an artist is it sounds
so pretentious, but it's true
that they give you that
space is it's so far
and few between as far
as being a working actor
to get it. And that's
the joy of streaming services.
Now you don't have as
many suits on set saying
what the audience needs, because
there, while there are still
notes that they're not focus
groups, they're not playing to
some common denominator. That seems
to be what would sell
soap at the end of
the day. Right? That's what
number television really is. So
you've been a working actor
for, for many, many years.
Have there, there have been
suits on set versus this
concept of a showrunner. I've
only heard that word show
runner in the last, like
since the wire, right? Yeah.
David Simon really did a break
out as the show runner.
And now there's so many
people who have a distinct
vision for their show. And
it did usher in the
era of the golden age
of television. Some people call
it the wire being one
of the best examples or
the Sopranos or there's there's.
But if you go back
and you saw what Alan
Alda did with mass, she
really was a show runner
back then the television shows
that are procedurals that at
wild, I still have a
show runner running them. They
are exactly that. They are
a system of numbers that
you put together and you
make something that is more
like a, you know, instant
baked brownies, as opposed to
from scratch and showrunners provide
a, a common thread and
vision that gives everybody the
basis of how to tell
the story, the best to
serve the artistic vision of
what the showrunner wants. Right.
And it also allows, and
this is a wonderful thing.
It allows a diversity of
directors to come in and
you might watch 10 episodes
of something. And you go
out of season seven, had
a flavor to it. What
was that? Oh, that was
guest director who the showrunner
then gave their break. And
they were as opposed to
having the same director for
an entire season or having
a different director. Every episode,
we had the gift of
doing a block shooting and
each director for the second
season and the first season
for the most part, got
two episodes. So you really
build a rapport cause you
really making a two hour
movie with these people and
like MJ, Bassett directed three
and four of season two.
And she's a powerhouse as
far as vision and energy
and pushing a story along
and challenging you as an
actor, asking more of you
than you thought you were
willing to be able to
do in that gift of
having a director who is
I've asking for better storytelling
continually on a daily basis,
only happens now for me,
at least on streaming service
television. When we, as people
who basically see the behind
the scenes stuff at the
end of the DVD, and
we see whatever the YouTube
behind the scenes is, we
see only the thing that
you put on, on film.
And then we see a
still of you standing with
a director, presumably they're giving
you notes, right. That can't
be the complete extent of
that. I mean, he does.
It's like you, you, you
kill it. You do a
whole great scene and they
go, well, let me give
you a couple of notes
and then do it all
over again. Yeah. Are there
one of the times that
they give you that, do
you dress up as PO
and sit at a conference
table and try to like,
this is who I'm thinking
I'm going to be today.
That's funny. Well, close to
it. I mean, you do
you do the, the, the
table read usually, but it,
it, it starts early in
the morning script in hand
walking through the scene on
a set. I come to
the set with my own
idea of what I want
to do. I luckily was
gifted with directors who were
willing to listen to me
and my ideas. And sometimes,
and I've worked with directors
in the past who just
throw out everything the actor
wants and they come up
with what they want and
it ends up being stilted.
It ends up being a
little fragmented and I can
see it in performances. When
you, when I watch it,
the notes as part of,
part of the process during
the day, once you build
a language with a director
like Kieran, who directed one
and two of episode of
season two, he's an Irishman
with a brilliant sense of
humor and could just take
the piss out of me.
And then immediately I would
understand, okay, I need to
lighten this up, brighten it
a little bit. And it's
also, it's a relationship of
trust. It's the same thing
of like you project managing
your own team or having
a, a relationship at work
with people who you expect
them to show up on
time and do what they're
asked to do. It's the
same. There were a number
of, I wouldn't say Easter
eggs, but there were a
little bit of subtle sprinkles
and flavor in, in, in,
in the hotel, in the
background, there were moments that
you needed to pause and
go look at that. There's
one, just put that on
a shelf. Or, and you
also did other things. And
the, for example, the eye
Twitch, was that real? Or
was that an effect or
I'm doing it right now.
She's doing it right now.
What's weird about this is
that I tried this this
morning in my research. I'm
like, can I move one
eye without even a hint
of squinting on the other
eye? And it's fricking heart
of those things. You're not
supposed to be able to
do you remove a couple
of frames? And that's a
really interesting effect to show
a glitch. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
in the first season we
came up with the idea
actually was on the fly.
Well, not on the, for
me. I had, I rehearse
everything beforehand before I get
to work. And so I
had come up with this
idea of downloading data and
having some way of showing
it, right. And then we
got to season two when
the deterioration of posts, mental
state is happening and how
you illustrate that while the
watch helps a lot, the
ticking sound and then the
idea of, Oh, there's a
problem with the connection synapses,
aren't firing in the same
way just to make it
tangible, to, to humans. And
it was me watching a
documentary. I think it's called
me and my mum or
my mum. I'm not sure
which, but it's about a
woman and her mother and
their relationship with her. Mother's
Alzheimer's and it's a British
documentary. It's on YouTube actually.
And I suggest everybody watching
it, but this woman, this
woman's mother laughed and hysterically.
And it's, I think it's
a Samuel Beckett quote, laughing
wild, like it's severest. Whoa.
And it's this beautiful moment
of, of trying to figure
out how you deal with
losing your faculties. And the
Twitch was part of that
on the outside, but the
laughing part and trying to
find some joy in, it
was something that we tried
to instill in season two.
And hopefully we did. Yeah.
There was a, I'm not
sure the right way to
pronounce it. The PA path,
most of there was, yeah,
there was a pain in
the, I'm an, I'm a
freaking AI. This is the
value I provide. I am
this hotel, but honestly, I,
if I am, I am
only my mind and now
I can't even have that.
Yeah. And then the thing
that he needed to, to
hold on to was his
memories of his friends and
particularly miss Elizabeth and to,
to reboot would have been
a death. And now popping
all the way off the
stack to the beginning of
the original conversation. This is
a show where everyone lives
forever, where real death is,
is a rare thing. It
is a dangerous thing. And
Poe is the thing that
should live forever of all
the things that should live
forever of all the useless
myths that have no value,
they should not live forever
pose should. And then he
has to die multiple times
and lose himself. Yeah. Was
a really the moral core
of the entire entire thing.
That's interesting. Yeah. I think
a season two is definitely
a love story and it's
a love story. Not only
for Takeshi and Cal the
main, the, a story you
wouldn't want to call it
of the, of the show,
but for, for PO and
what it means to have
a love of your past
love of your memories, which
is something we all deal
with every day. Well, because
the memories that he was
building were the emotional baggage
that he was packing. His
whole life was figuring out
this puzzle. And I think
it was not just that
he wanted, he didn't put,
did not want to lose
his memories, but he didn't
want to lose the learnings
of the human connection. He'd
have to start all over
again. Yeah. Yeah. I had
this college professor, Brian Johnston, a
brilliant man. He was like
the world's foremost scholar on
Ipsen. Talk about an obscure
specific endeavor, but he always
had this wonderful way of
losing his train of thought
and then getting it back
because it was a bit
of a reminiscence of, of,
of, I am. I am
a brilliant capable man, but
really at the end of
the day, I'm a sack
full of memories that hopefully
someone at some point will
go back and remember it's,
it's, it's, it's tragic. And,
and we deal with it,
especially now is watching the
baby boomers age, watching our
parents fade. Yeah. I have
gone into done recordings of
grandparents and my parents just
doing this, but like just,
you know, if ever there
was a person that you
could record without their consent,
it would be like, you're
your dad. And you just
gotta like, push the record
on the iPhone. I'm like,
how's it going, dad? What's
going on? How did you
meet mom again? And then
she just, you want to
capture those things? Yeah, yeah,
yeah. It's it's, and it's
vital for us to, as
people who want richer and
deeper lives, you know, that
you need to seek the,
not only the comfort of
memory, but that pathos, as
you said earlier, and it's
all a learning experience. Hopefully.
So as we, as we
close our show here, what
do you do with this
character that you love, where
we don't know if season
three or four, 10 is
a thing. There are shows
on television and on streaming
services that have 11 seasons
that we didn't ask for.
I guess you, one of
my favorite tweets that is
a compliment to you was
that you, you called the,
the Kel and Takeshi the
AA story. But someone said,
well, you know, the whole
Takeshi thing, like the whole
main character is really just
a MacGuffin to move the,
the, the emotional story that
is PO forward. That's funny.
I think that, yeah, it's,
it's kind that someone said
that, but I think if
season three does happen, maybe
getting back to more of
a Sherlockian detective story and
Watson and Holmes, and I
would get back alongside the
Kashi would be really fun
to play the buddy, the
buddy movie. Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, I, I miss that
relationship a lot. We did,
we touch on it a
little bit in season two,
but it would be really
fun to get back in
and solve a crime. Absolutely.
Thank you so much, Chris
Connor for taking the time
to chat with me today.
Oh, it was my pleasure.
Anytime. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we will see you again.
Next time. .